---
layout: post
title:  "Today's me"
date:   2022-12-21 23:59:59 +0900
categories: diary
---
<br>
I am very upset.<br>
Because one square of my github lawn became empty. <br>

I have tried to up new server for affiliate system since last week at work.
However, the work has been never easy 
because we needed to upgrade java and spring version. <br>

We have been using java 11 and spring 2.x.x to develop servers
but my boss decided to upgrade those development tools' version by this chance. <br>

Our team don't have enough back-end software engineers.
That's why The development for new affiliate system was taken charge to just me. <br>

I started my career as a software engineer just 6 months ago.
Are there any companies that entrust one junior developer with a big, important job? Really? <br>

It isn't that I don't believe in my ability but, it's too harsh!
Besides, I have to finish all of this by the end of February... <br>

Of course, since the approximate duration can only be calculated after starting the design, 
it is not yet possible to judge whether the period, two months, is appropriate or too short. <br>

This is why I don't think it's time to set a deadline yet. <br>

What if I cannot finish it by the end of February? <br>

I am really making an effort for up new server,
but I'm like a freshman in the world of software engineering, 
so I'm not sure if I'll be able to finish it in the time frame. <br>

Why can't I set a deadline myself?
Are other developers constantly working on tight schedules and unable to set their own deadlines? <br>

I think `tight schedules lead to overtime, and overtime undermines personal development`. <br>

For this reason, a section of my github lawn has become empty, and because of that, 
I have to go to sleep a little sadly today. <br>

Oh, of course I should read a line of gson code and a line of a book before going to sleep.
No matter how upset I am, I have to study.
